##	[README](README.md#index)  
#	index  

##	[Key questions](#questions)  
##	[List of tasks](#todo)  
##	[Completed tasks](#done)  

#	STATUS:

+	it can show things
-	[projection is off](#projection-is-off)
+	
+	

##	QUESTIONS:

1: m = {adr = 0x0, win = 0x426a20, mlx = 0x40f930, img = 0x428050, len = 0, bpp = 0, end = 0, err = 0}


##	TODO:

replace:
`t_img *i`

with:::
	void *img -> fdf->mlx->img
	void *mlx -> fdf->mlx->mlx
	void *win -> fdf->mlx->win

###	projection is off

-	initially i used `cos(30)` but apparently i should use `cos(RAD)` where `RAD` is `DEGREES * (PI / 180.0)`
-	however: this does not seem to work. I could go through the code and carefully make sure i didnt make mistakes like using the wrong type of variable etc.
-	another issue is the use of floats versus ints. with Bresenham, ints are all you should use, so my conversion using sin/cos will necessarily return a float, which should be converted to an int before any pixels are put.
-	adding to this, my function to check when to stop drawing a line is currently broken. I think there is an issue with how/whether i assign the sx/sy variables.


##	x0/y0		-	screen coordinate on x axis/y axis
I think x0/y0 are 'screen coordinate origin on this axis'
to find x0/y0 i set it to the result of a trigonometric equation

	t_pts	project_origin(t_pts p, double theta)
	{
		double	x;
		double	y;
		int		z;
		t_pts		o;

		x = p.x;
		y = p.y;
		z = p.z;
		x0 = ((x - y) * cos(30))
		y0 = ((x + y) * sin(30) - z)
		p.x = (int)x;
		p.y = (int)y;
	}


##	dx/dy		-	delta x/delta y
I think dx/dy are 'delta x/delta y'
to find dx i set it to the absolute return of x1 - x0
	
	dx = ft_abs(x1 - x0)
to find dy i set it to the absolute return of y1 - y0
	
	dy = ft_abs(y1 - y0)
##	sx/sy		-	step x/step y
I think sx/sy are 'step x/step y'
they are always set either to -1 or +1
to find sx I check which is greater, x0 or x1.

	if x0 is greater, sx is -1
	if x1 is greater, sx is +1
to find sy I check which is greater, y0 or y1.

	if y0 is greater, sy is -1
	if y1 is greater, sy is +1

##	DONE: